there will be times
through an electric motor it
Transforms movement to mediate through
a gear that reduces its speed
subsequently it passes to a
crank what
travels in a circular motion and passes to
turn to a turret hand crank
to which the linear motion of oscillating
is that it collects and collects air that passes
through the syringe is an angle
then this air passes through a
valve that prevents its recoil something what
which are filled these two deposits and
later
when they are full they reach an end of
career in which it will be cut
the engine and then by valve one
Shut-off valve will rise and fall
this this lifting platform is worth this
air gets down there to some cylinders yes
which are the ones that raise the platform
Okay, let's see it later
First
word reached and the pressure because
the motor shoe and the green one has been
switched on
hard in your mind
now my mind
so there's something we do environment
I do not know why